---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform_crowd_settings Resource - terraform-provider-platform"
subcategory: "Authentication Providers Configuration"
description: |-
  Provides a JFrog Crowd Settings https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-platform-administration-documentation/atlassian-crowd-and-jira-integration resource. This allows you to delegate authentication requests to Atlassian Crowd/JIRA, use authenticated Crowd/JIRA users and have the JPD participate in a transparent SSO environment managed by Crowd/JIRA.
---

# platform_crowd_settings (Resource)

Provides a JFrog [Crowd Settings](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-platform-administration-documentation/atlassian-crowd-and-jira-integration) resource. This allows you to delegate authentication requests to Atlassian Crowd/JIRA, use authenticated Crowd/JIRA users and have the JPD participate in a transparent SSO environment managed by Crowd/JIRA.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform_crowd_settings" "my-crowd-settings" {
  enable                         = true
  server_url                     = "http://tempurl.org"
  application_name               = "my-crowd-settings"
  password                       = "my-password"
  session_validation_interval    = 5
  use_default_proxy              = false
  auto_user_creation             = true
  allow_user_to_access_profile   = false
  direct_authentication          = true
  override_all_groups_upon_login = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_name` (String) The application name configured for JPD in Crowd/JIRA.
- `enable` (Boolean) Use this to enable security integration with Atlassian Crowd or JIRA.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The application password configured for JPD in Crowd/JIRA.
- `server_url` (String) The full URL of the server to use.
- `session_validation_interval` (Number) The time window (min) during which the session does not need to be validated. If set to `0`, the token expires only when the session expires.

### Optional

- `allow_user_to_access_profile` (Boolean) Auto created users will have access to their profile page and will be able to perform actions such as generating an API key. Default value is `false`.
- `auto_user_creation` (Boolean) When set, authenticated users are automatically created in Artifactory. When not set, for every request from a Crowd user, the user is temporarily associated with default groups (if such groups are defined), and the permissions for these groups apply. Without automatic user creation, you must manually create the user in Artifactory to manage user permissions not attached to their default groups. Default value is `true`.
- `direct_authentication` (Boolean) This corresponds to 'Users Management Server' option in Artifactory UI (`true` = JIRA, `false` = Crowd). Default value is `false`.
- `override_all_groups_upon_login` (Boolean) When a user logs in with CROWD, only groups retrieved from CROWD will be associated with the user. Default value is `false`.
- `use_default_proxy` (Boolean) If a default proxy definition exists, it is used to pass through to the Crowd Server. Default value is `false`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```sh
terraform import platform_crowd_settings.my-crowd-settings my-crowd-settings
```

