---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "platform_reverse_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-platform"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a JFrog Reverse Proxy https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/reverse-proxy-settings resource.
  ~>Only available for self-hosted instances.
---

# platform_reverse_proxy (Resource)

Provides a JFrog [Reverse Proxy](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-artifactory-documentation/reverse-proxy-settings) resource.

~>Only available for self-hosted instances.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "platform_reverse_proxy" "my-reverse-proxy" {
  docker_reverse_proxy_method = "SUBDOMAIN"
  server_name_expression      = "*.jfrog.com"
  server_provider             = "NGINX"
  public_server_name          = "jfrog.com"
  internal_hostname           = "localhost"
  use_https                   = true
  http_port                   = 80
  https_port                  = 443
  ssl_key_path                = "/etc/ssl/private/myserver.key"
  ssl_certificate_path        = "/etc/ssl/certs/myserver.crt"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `server_provider` (String) Set the server provider type. Supported values: DIRECT, NGINX, APACHE.

### Optional

- `docker_reverse_proxy_method` (String) Docker access method. The default value is SUBDOMAIN. Supported values: SUBDOMAIN, REPOPATHPREFIX, PORTPERREPO.
- `http_port` (Number) The port for access via HTTP. The default value is 80. Only settable when `server_provider` is set to `NIGNIX` or `APACHE`
- `https_port` (Number) The port for access via HTTPS. The default value is 443. Only settable when `use_https` is set to `true`
- `internal_hostname` (String) The internal server name for Artifactory which will be used by the web server to access the Artifactory machine. If the web server is installed on the same machine as Artifactory you can use localhost, otherwise use the IP or hostname. Must be set when `server_provider` is set to `NIGNIX` or `APACHE`
- `public_server_name` (String) The server name that will be used to access Artifactory. Should be correlated with the base URL value. Must be set when `server_provider` is set to `NIGNIX` or `APACHE`
- `ssl_certificate_path` (String) The full path of the certificate file on the web server, e.g. `/etc/ssl/certs/myserver.crt`. Must be set when `use_https` is set to `true`
- `ssl_key_path` (String) The full path of the key file on the web server, e.g. `/etc/ssl/private/myserver.key`. Must be set when `use_https` is set to `true`
- `use_https` (Boolean) When set, Artifactory will be accessible via HTTPS at the corresponding port that is set. Only settable when `server_provider` is set to `NIGNIX` or `APACHE`
